I have seen what the two of you came to say
Caomin represents Shandong and Guanlongmenfa clan
Ask Your Majesty to stop the imperial examination
Re-adoption of the building system
Strike imperial examination system
This imperial examination system was created by the previous emperor
Are you two going to be trapped in unfilial piety?
The royal family shares the world with the Menfah clan
It's been the rule since time immemorial.
Broke the rules first
Your Majesty should disrupt the government
What rules?
Why haven't you heard of this?
Your Majesty, have you heard of the Millennium Family?
Centennial Dynasty
I heard a little
Then Your Majesty knows why the aristocratic family has not fallen for thousands of years
Because the aristocratic family owns the books
Only children of literary families can read rationally
Only when emperors govern the country and have a good helper
You two are really
I want to rely on the books in the hands of the aristocratic family
It's still dangerous, yeah
Just a book
I have as much as I want
Toad yawned
What a big breath
Even papermaking was controlled by the Menvar clan
You can have as many as you want.
Oh, dear.
Let me leave a hundred homes
It's not impossible.
But I have one condition
What is your Majesty's request?
I heard that the strange flower of Yangzhou has been established
And beautiful women like clouds
I want to build a canal to reach Yangzhou
30 million taels of silver are still missing
30 million taels, why don't you grab it?
If you don't give
I have held imperial examinations for three consecutive years
Every year, 3,000 people are admitted from the poor and the numbers
How dare you